README.md, before:

# ☁️ Hush - Breathing Exercise App

A beautiful, mindful breathing exercise app built with React. Hush helps you practice various breathing techniques for relaxation, focus, and stress relief.

## ✨ Features

### 🫁 **Four Breathing Techniques**
- **Box Breathing (4-4-4-4)** - Inhale 4s → Hold 4s → Exhale 4s → Hold 4s
  - Perfect for focus, concentration, and anxiety relief
- **Triangle Breathing (3-3-3)** - Inhale 3s → Hold 3s → Exhale 3s
  - Quick stress relief and mindfulness practice
- **Resonant Breathing (5-5)** - Inhale 5s → Exhale 5s
  - Optimal for heart rate variability and deep relaxation
- **4-7-8 Breathing (4-7-8)** - Inhale 4s → Hold 7s → Exhale 8s
  - Based on ancient yogic pranayama for stress relief and sleep preparation

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/LindseyB/hush.git
   cd hush
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

4. **Open your browser**
   - Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
   - The app will automatically reload when you make changes

## 📱 How to Use

1. **Choose your breathing technique** using the toggle buttons at the top
2. **Click "Start"** to begin your breathing session
3. **Follow the animated circle**:
   - Circle expands during inhale phases
   - Circle contracts during exhale phases
   - Circle stays steady during hold phases
4. **Watch the phase labels** to know when to breathe in, hold, or breathe out
5. **Track your progress** with the cycle counter
6. **Use "Pause"** to take a break or **"Reset"** to start over
7. **Switch exercises** anytime - the app will automatically reset

### 💡 Tips for Best Practice

- **Find a comfortable position** - sit with straight back or lie down
- **Create a calm environment** - minimize distractions
- **Start with shorter sessions** - 2-4 cycles for beginners
- **Be consistent** - regular practice yields better results
- **Listen to your body** - stop if you feel lightheaded

## 🛠️ Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`
Runs the app in development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits.

### `npm test`
Launches the test runner in interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the `build` folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

### `npm run eject`
**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**
If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Inspired by ancient breathing techniques and modern mindfulness practices
- Built with love for mental health and wellness
- Thanks to the React and open-source community

---

**Made with ☁️ for mindful breathing and wellness**

Commit message:

Add the ability to have rain noise

README.md, after:

# ☁️ Hush - Breathing Exercise App

A beautiful, mindful breathing exercise app built with React. Hush helps you practice various breathing techniques for relaxation, focus, and stress relief.

## ✨ Features

### 🫁 **Four Breathing Techniques**
- **Box Breathing (4-4-4-4)** - Inhale 4s → Hold 4s → Exhale 4s → Hold 4s
  - Perfect for focus, concentration, and anxiety relief
- **Triangle Breathing (3-3-3)** - Inhale 3s → Hold 3s → Exhale 3s
  - Quick stress relief and mindfulness practice
- **Resonant Breathing (5-5)** - Inhale 5s → Exhale 5s
  - Optimal for heart rate variability and deep relaxation
- **4-7-8 Breathing (4-7-8)** - Inhale 4s → Hold 7s → Exhale 8s
  - Based on ancient yogic pranayama for stress relief and sleep preparation

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/LindseyB/hush.git
   cd hush
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

4. **Open your browser**
   - Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
   - The app will automatically reload when you make changes

## 📱 How to Use

1. **Choose your breathing technique** using the toggle buttons at the top
2. **Click "Start"** to begin your breathing session
3. **Follow the animated circle**:
   - Circle expands during inhale phases
   - Circle contracts during exhale phases
   - Circle stays steady during hold phases
4. **Watch the phase labels** to know when to breathe in, hold, or breathe out
5. **Track your progress** with the cycle counter
6. **Use "Pause"** to take a break or **"Reset"** to start over
7. **Switch exercises** anytime - the app will automatically reset

### 💡 Tips for Best Practice

- **Find a comfortable position** - sit with straight back or lie down
- **Create a calm environment** - minimize distractions
- **Start with shorter sessions** - 2-4 cycles for beginners
- **Be consistent** - regular practice yields better results
- **Listen to your body** - stop if you feel lightheaded

## 🛠️ Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`
Runs the app in development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser. The page will reload if you make edits.

### `npm test`
Launches the test runner in interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the `build` folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

### `npm run eject`
**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**
If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Inspired by ancient breathing techniques and modern mindfulness practices
- Built with love for mental health and wellness
- Thanks to the React and open-source community
- The rain falls against the parasol by straget -- https://freesound.org/s/531947/ -- License: Attribution 4.0

---

**Made with ☁️ for mindful breathing and wellness**
